Reviewed grass QuickStart (#522)
OSGeo/OSGeoLive-doc: doc/quickstart/grass_quickstart.rst

Click on the I/O button of the far right to close the profile window.

Create a random surface
================================================================================

> .. HB comment: this quickstart is getting kinda long, maybe retire this section.

Author: I agree, this is a bit long. Perhaps this section could be retired?

Reviewer: ok for me

Author: okay, I removed it.

Python programmer direct access to GRASS GIS' extensive C libraries.
See the manual pages for an extensive description of the programming options.

Command line
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> In the GRASS terminal session, try a GRASS module by typing "``g.manual --help``" which will give you a list of module options. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the GRASS terminal session, try a GRASS GIS module by typing "``v.clean --help``"
which will give you a list of module options. 
```
(changed to v.clean since g.manual is not really a GIS related command)

Author: done.
